team 1.1  Auburn
team 16.1 Alabama State
team 8.1  Louisville
team 9.1  Creighton
team 5.1  Michigan
team 12.1 UC San Diego
team 4.1  Texas A&M
team 13.1 Yale
team 6.1  Mississippi
team 11.1 UNC
team 3.1  Iowa State
team 14.1 Lipscomb
team 7.1  Marquette
team 10.1 New Mexico
team 2.1  Michigan State
team 15.1 Bryant
team 1.2  Florida
team 16.2 Norfolk State
team 8.2  Connecticut
team 9.2  Oklahoma
team 5.2  Memphis
team 12.2 Colorado State
team 4.2  Maryland
team 13.2 Grand Canyon
team 6.2  Missouri
team 11.2 Drake
team 3.2  Texas Tech
team 14.2 UNCW
team 7.2  Kansas
team 10.2 Arkansas
team 2.2  St. John's
team 15.2 Omaha
team 1.3  Duke
team 16.3 Mt. St. Mary's
team 8.3  Miss. St.
team 9.3  Baylor
team 5.3  Oregon
team 12.3 Liberty
team 4.3  Arizona
team 13.3 Akron
team 6.3  Brigham Young
team 11.3 VCU
team 3.3  Wisconsin
team 14.3 Montana
team 7.3  Saint Mary's
team 10.3 Vanderbilt
team 2.3  Alabama
team 15.3 Robert Morris
team 1.4  Houston
team 16.4 SIU Edwardsville
team 8.4  Gonzaga
team 9.4  Georgia
team 5.4  Clemson
team 12.4 McNeese
team 4.4  Purdue
team 13.4 High Point
team 6.4  Illinois
team 11.4 Xavier
team 3.4  Kentucky
team 14.4 Troy
team 7.4  UCLA
team 10.4 Utah State
team 2.4  Tennessee
team 15.4 Wofford
region 0 South
region 1 West
region 2 East
region 3 Midwest
