team 1.1  Gonzaga
team 16.1 Georgia State
team 8.1  Boise State
team 9.1  Memphis
team 5.1  Connecticut
team 12.1 New Mexico St.
team 4.1  Arkansas
team 13.1 Vermont
team 6.1  Alabama
team 11.1 Notre Dame
team 3.1  Texas Tech
team 14.1 Montana State
team 7.1  Michigan State
team 10.1 Davidson
team 2.1  Duke
team 15.1 CSU Fullerton
team 1.2  Baylor
team 16.2 Norfolk State
team 8.2  UNC
team 9.2  Marquette
team 5.2  Saint Mary's
team 12.2 Indiana
team 4.2  UCLA
team 13.2 Akron
team 6.2  Texas
team 11.2 Virginia Tech
team 3.2  Purdue
team 14.2 Yale
team 7.2  Murray State
team 10.2 San Francisco
team 2.2  Kentucky
team 15.2 St. Peter's
team 1.3  Arizona
team 16.3 Wright State
team 8.3  Seton Hall
team 9.3  TCU
team 5.3  Houston
team 12.3 UAB
team 4.3  Illinois
team 13.3 Chattanooga
team 6.3  Colorado State
team 11.3 Michigan
team 3.3  Tennessee
team 14.3 Longwood
team 7.3  Ohio State
team 10.3 Loyola (IL)
team 2.3  Villanova
team 15.3 Delaware
team 1.4  Kansas
team 16.4 Texas Southern
team 8.4  San Diego State
team 9.4  Creighton
team 5.4  Iowa
team 12.4 Richmond
team 4.4  Providence
team 13.4 South Dak. St.
team 6.4  LSU
team 11.4 Iowa State
team 3.4  Wisconsin
team 14.4 Colgate
team 7.4  USC
team 10.4 Miami (FL)
team 2.4  Auburn
team 15.4 Jacksonv. St.
region 0 West
region 1 East
region 2 South
region 3 Midwest
