team 1.1  Kansas
team 16.1 Austin Peay
team 8.1  Colorado
team 9.1  Connecticut
team 5.1  Maryland
team 12.1 South Dak. St.
team 4.1  California
team 13.1 Hawaii
team 6.1  Arizona
team 11.1 Wichita State
team 3.1  Miami (FL)
team 14.1 Buffalo
team 7.1  Iowa
team 10.1 Temple
team 2.1  Villanova
team 15.1 UNCA
team 1.2  Oregon
team 16.2 Holy Cross
team 8.2  St. Joseph's
team 9.2  Cincinnati
team 5.2  Baylor
team 12.2 Yale
team 4.2  Duke
team 13.2 UNCW
team 6.2  Texas
team 11.2 Northern Iowa
team 3.2  Texas A&M
team 14.2 Wis. Grn. Bay
team 7.2  Oregon State
team 10.2 VCU
team 2.2  Oklahoma
team 15.2 CSU Bakersfield
team 1.3  UNC
team 16.3 FGCU
team 8.3  USC
team 9.3  Providence
team 5.3  Indiana
team 12.3 Chattanooga
team 4.3  Kentucky
team 13.3 Stony Brook
team 6.3  Notre Dame
team 11.3 Michigan
team 3.3  West Virginia
team 14.3 S. F. Austin
team 7.3  Wisconsin
team 10.3 Pittsburgh
team 2.3  Xavier
team 15.3 Weber State
team 1.4  Virginia
team 16.4 Hampton
team 8.4  Texas Tech
team 9.4  Butler
team 5.4  Purdue
team 12.4 Ark. L. Rock
team 4.4  Iowa State
team 13.4 Iona
team 6.4  Seton Hall
team 11.4 Gonzaga
team 3.4  Utah
team 14.4 Fresno State
team 7.4  Dayton
team 10.4 Syracuse
team 2.4  Michigan State
team 15.4 Mid. Tenn. St.
region 0 South
region 1 West
region 2 East
region 3 Midwest
