team 1.1  Alabama
team 16.1 Texas A&M CC
team 8.1  Maryland
team 9.1  West Virginia
team 5.1  San Diego State
team 12.1 Charleston
team 4.1  Virginia
team 13.1 Furman
team 6.1  Creighton
team 11.1 NC State
team 3.1  Baylor
team 14.1 UCSB
team 7.1  Missouri
team 10.1 Utah State
team 2.1  Arizona
team 15.1 Princeton
team 1.2  Purdue
team 16.2 F. Dickinson
team 8.2  Memphis
team 9.2  Florida Atl.
team 5.2  Duke
team 12.2 Oral Roberts
team 4.2  Tennessee
team 13.2 LA-Lafayette
team 6.2  Kentucky
team 11.2 Providence
team 3.2  Kansas State
team 14.2 Montana State
team 7.2  Michigan State
team 10.2 USC
team 2.2  Marquette
team 15.2 Vermont
team 1.3  Houston
team 16.3 N. Kentucky
team 8.3  Iowa
team 9.3  Auburn
team 5.3  Miami (FL)
team 12.3 Drake
team 4.3  Indiana
team 13.3 Kent State
team 6.3  Iowa State
team 11.3 Pittsburgh
team 3.3  Xavier
team 14.3 Kennesaw State
team 7.3  Texas A&M
team 10.3 Penn State
team 2.3  Texas
team 15.3 Colgate
team 1.4  Kansas
team 16.4 Howard
team 8.4  Arkansas
team 9.4  Illinois
team 5.4  Saint Mary's
team 12.4 VCU
team 4.4  Connecticut
team 13.4 Iona
team 6.4  TCU
team 11.4 Arizona State
team 3.4  Gonzaga
team 14.4 Grand Canyon
team 7.4  Northwestern
team 10.4 Boise State
team 2.4  UCLA
team 15.4 UNCA
region 0 South
region 1 East
region 2 Midwest
region 3 West
