team 1.1  Connecticut
team 16.1 Stetson
team 8.1  Florida Atl.
team 9.1  Northwestern
team 5.1  San Diego State
team 12.1 UAB
team 4.1  Auburn
team 13.1 Yale
team 6.1  Brigham Young
team 11.1 Duquesne
team 3.1  Illinois
team 14.1 Morehead State
team 7.1  Washington St.
team 10.1 Drake
team 2.1  Iowa State
team 15.1 South Dak. St.
team 1.2  UNC
team 16.2 Wagner
team 8.2  Miss. St.
team 9.2  Michigan State
team 5.2  Saint Mary's
team 12.2 Grand Canyon
team 4.2  Alabama
team 13.2 Charleston
team 6.2  Clemson
team 11.2 New Mexico
team 3.2  Baylor
team 14.2 Colgate
team 7.2  Dayton
team 10.2 Nevada
team 2.2  Arizona
team 15.2 Long Beach St.
team 1.3  Houston
team 16.3 Longwood
team 8.3  Nebraska
team 9.3  Texas A&M
team 5.3  Wisconsin
team 12.3 James Madison
team 4.3  Duke
team 13.3 Vermont
team 6.3  Texas Tech
team 11.3 NC State
team 3.3  Kentucky
team 14.3 Oakland
team 7.3  Florida
team 10.3 Colorado
team 2.3  Marquette
team 15.3 W. Kentucky
team 1.4  Purdue
team 16.4 Grambling
team 8.4  Utah State
team 9.4  TCU
team 5.4  Gonzaga
team 12.4 McNeese
team 4.4  Kansas
team 13.4 Samford
team 6.4  South Carolina
team 11.4 Oregon
team 3.4  Creighton
team 14.4 Akron
team 7.4  Texas
team 10.4 Colorado State
team 2.4  Tennessee
team 15.4 St. Peter's
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 South
region 3 Midwest
