team 1.1  Duke
team 16.1 North Dak. St.
team 8.1  VCU
team 9.1  UCF
team 5.1  Miss. St.
team 12.1 Liberty
team 4.1  Virginia Tech
team 13.1 Saint Louis
team 6.1  Maryland
team 11.1 Belmont
team 3.1  LSU
team 14.1 Yale
team 7.1  Louisville
team 10.1 Minnesota
team 2.1  Michigan State
team 15.1 Bradley
team 1.2  Gonzaga
team 16.2 F. Dickinson
team 8.2  Syracuse
team 9.2  Baylor
team 5.2  Marquette
team 12.2 Murray State
team 4.2  Florida State
team 13.2 Vermont
team 6.2  Buffalo
team 11.2 Arizona State
team 3.2  Texas Tech
team 14.2 N. Kentucky
team 7.2  Nevada
team 10.2 Florida
team 2.2  Michigan
team 15.2 Montana
team 1.3  Virginia
team 16.3 Gardner-Webb
team 8.3  Mississippi
team 9.3  Oklahoma
team 5.3  Wisconsin
team 12.3 Oregon
team 4.3  Kansas State
team 13.3 UC Irvine
team 6.3  Villanova
team 11.3 Saint Mary's
team 3.3  Purdue
team 14.3 Old Dominion
team 7.3  Cincinnati
team 10.3 Iowa
team 2.3  Tennessee
team 15.3 Colgate
team 1.4  UNC
team 16.4 Iona
team 8.4  Utah State
team 9.4  Washington
team 5.4  Auburn
team 12.4 New Mexico St.
team 4.4  Kansas
team 13.4 Northeastern
team 6.4  Iowa State
team 11.4 Ohio State
team 3.4  Houston
team 14.4 Georgia State
team 7.4  Wofford
team 10.4 Seton Hall
team 2.4  Kentucky
team 15.4 Abil Christian
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 South
region 3 Midwest
