team 1.1  Villanova
team 16.1 TBD
team 8.1  Wisconsin
team 9.1  Virginia Tech
team 5.1  Virginia
team 12.1 UNCW
team 4.1  Florida
team 13.1 E. Tenn. St.
team 6.1  S. Methodist
team 11.1 TBD
team 3.1  Baylor
team 14.1 New Mexico St.
team 7.1  South Carolina
team 10.1 Marquette
team 2.1  Duke
team 15.1 Troy
team 1.2  Gonzaga
team 16.2 South Dak. St.
team 8.2  Northwestern
team 9.2  Vanderbilt
team 5.2  Notre Dame
team 12.2 Princeton
team 4.2  West Virginia
team 13.2 Bucknell
team 6.2  Maryland
team 11.2 Xavier
team 3.2  Florida State
team 14.2 FGCU
team 7.2  Saint Mary's
team 10.2 VCU
team 2.2  Arizona
team 15.2 North Dakota
team 1.3  Kansas
team 16.3 TBD
team 8.3  Miami (FL)
team 9.3  Michigan State
team 5.3  Iowa State
team 12.3 Nevada
team 4.3  Purdue
team 13.3 Vermont
team 6.3  Creighton
team 11.3 Rhode Island
team 3.3  Oregon
team 14.3 Iona
team 7.3  Michigan
team 10.3 Oklahoma State
team 2.3  Louisville
team 15.3 Jacksonv. St.
team 1.4  UNC
team 16.4 Texas Southern
team 8.4  Arkansas
team 9.4  Seton Hall
team 5.4  Minnesota
team 12.4 Mid. Tenn. St.
team 4.4  Butler
team 13.4 Winthrop
team 6.4  Cincinnati
team 11.4 TBD
team 3.4  UCLA
team 14.4 Kent State
team 7.4  Dayton
team 10.4 Wichita State
team 2.4  Kentucky
team 15.4 N. Kentucky
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 Midwest
region 3 South
